Compatibility update to support Joomla 4 and Mautic 4 (#37)
mautic/mautic-joomla: README.md

    
Note, you must replace the src with the URL to the video. Height and width attributes are optional, and will default to the values shown if omitted. Gate time is the time, in seconds, that you would like to pause the video and display the form that you entered as the form-id. 

### Tags

> To embed Mautic Tags, insert this code snippet:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To embed the ability to append Mautic Tags to a contact on a page load, insert this code snippet:
```

### Plugin authorization

It is possible to send Contact data to Mautic via API only after authorization with OAuth2. You can create specific authorization API credentials for each application. To do that, go to your Mautic administration and follow these steps:

1. Go to Mautic Configuration / API Settings and set 'API enabled' to 'Yes'. Save changes.
2. At the right-hand side menu where Configuration is should appear new menu item 'API Credentials'. Hit it.
3. Create new credential. Fill in 'Name' ('Joomla instance' for example) and Callback URL to ```https://{yourJoomla.com}/administrator``` (change ```{yourJoomla.com}``` with actual URL of your Joomla instance). It goes to /administrator to make sure only Joomla admins can authorize Mautic plugin. If you have modified the ` Joomla Callback Path Field` in your Joomla Plugin Settings then you have to change the subpath here accordingly. Save credentials.
4. Mautic should generate 'Client ID / Public Key' and 'Client Secret / Private Key'. Copy those two to Joomla plugin. Save the plugin. Hit the 'Authorize' button and follow instructions.

## Troubleshoot ##

### Bug form embed ###

> If you're forms are not embeded you can check the errors in the developer console of your browser. If you see an error like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your forms are not embedded you can check the errors in the developer console of your browser. If you see an error like:
```
